== AwesomeCountrySelect

Provides a advanced helper to get an HTML select list of countries. The list of 
countries comes from the ISO 3166 standard.  While it is a relatively neutral 
source of country names, it will still offend some users.

Users are strongly advised to evaluate the suitability of this list given their 
user base.

== Features

* Additional countries with higher priority
* Removing specified countries
* ISO 3166 alpha-2 country code as option value (eg. EN, PL, UA), not name
* Rest of world (code: ROW)
* World regions (codes: NAC, EUC, SAC, ASC, AFC, OCC)
* Native names

== Examples

Simple country select:
  country_select :user, :country_name
  
List with additional countries at the top:
  country_select :user, :country_name, [['My additional country', 'COUNTRY_CODE']]
  
List with removed elements (eg. which are already used):
  country_select :user, :country_name, nil, %w{EN PL DK} 

List with "Rest of world" region:
  country_select :user, :country_name, nil, nil, :rest_of_world => true
  
List with special regions for each continent:
  country_select :user, :country_name, nil, nil, :world_regions => true
  
Country labels in native language, english or both:
  country_select :user, :country_name, nil, nil, :labels => :english # default
  country_select :user, :country_name, nil, nil, :labels => :native  # eg. "Україна", "Polska", etc.
  country_select :user, :country_name, nil, nil, :labels => :both    # eg. "Ukraine - Україна"
  
If you want display country name, you can use:
  country_name('PL')          # => 'Poland'
  country_name('UA', :native) # => 'Україна'
  
== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Kriss Kowalik, released under the MIT license

Based on Michael Koziarski country_select plugin, modifications inspired by numerous forks of it.

